Public files available via anonymously signed s3 urls (#923)
nasa/cumulus: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

- **CUMULUS-1223**

>   - Adds unauthenticated access for public bucket files to the distributionApi.  Public files are requested just as protected files, but now a redirect to a self signed URL will happen without checking for an accessToken cookie from EarthdataLogin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Adds unauthenticated access for public bucket files to the Distribution API.  Public files should be requested the same way as protected files, but for public files a redirect to a self-signed S3 URL will happen without requiring authentication with Earthdata login.
```
